posit terrestri:amod
implement class:compound
method util:compound
implement method:dep
method subclass:nmod
convert posit:obj
posit necessari:dep
convert vector:obl
convert posit:obj
posit necessari:dep
convert vector:obl
convert posit:obj
posit necessari:dep
convert lla coordin:obl
calcul distanc:obj
distanc posit:nmod
calcul posit:obl
bean laser:compound
travel bean:nsubj
distanc travel:acl
travel reach:xcomp
reach point:obj
posit point:nmod
point calcul:acl
calcul distanc:obj
calcul distanc:obj
travel drone:nsubj
distanc travel:acl
travel get:xcomp
get posit:obl
get posit:obl
slow code:nsubj
proport time:nsubj
time take:acl
take run:xcomp
proport distanc:obl
posit point:nmod
point calcul:acl
calcul distanc:obj
posit meter:obl
represent rotat:compound
represent matrix:compound
calcul represent:obj
represent posit:nmod
matrix rotat:compound
coordin matrix:nsubj
matrix take:acl
vector displac:compound
take vector:obj
coordin ecef:compound
take coordin:obl
matrix rotat:acl
take rotat:conj
rotat ned:obl
coordin posit:obl
pole posit:nsubj
direct north:compound
north east:conj
direct east:compound
make direct:nsubj
pole make:advcl
make sens:obj
invers matrix:compound
invers equat:nmod
equat paper:nmod
vector unit:compound
vector point:acl
vector point:acl
point north:obl
north east:appos
point direct:obl
north calcul:dep
calcul number:obj
number meter:nmod
north east:appos
coordin ned:compound
posit global:amod
posit terrestri:amod
number posit:nsubj
posit transform:acl
coordin ned:compound
transform coordin:obl
transform use:xcomp
use posit:obj
element origin:compound
use element:obl
number meter:nmod
element second:amod
number element:nsubj
meter number:acl
number meter:nmod
number element:nsubj
meter number:acl
number meter:nmod
calcul latitud:obj
calcul longitud:obj
latitud longitud:conj
calcul altitud:obj
latitud altitud:conj
posit relat:amod
latitud posit:nmod
posit give:acl
give number:obl
east meter:dep
east north:compound
number east:nmod
number posit:obl
number vector:nsubj
vector element:nmod
number first:nsubj
element number:acl
number meter:nmod
number second:dep
number meter:nmod
number meter:nmod
