class util:amod
need class:nsubj
class draw:acl
icon marker:compound
marker uav:conj
icon uav:compound
draw icon:obj
draw map:obl
cleanup addit:amod
need cleanup:obj
need refactor:obj
cleanup refactor:conj
get function:nsubj
draw function:nsubj
rout flight:compound
get rout:obj
core dronolog:compound
get core:obl
get draw:conj
draw map:obl
drone focus:ccomp
focus info panel:obl
rout flight:compound
rout orang:acl
checkbox check:acl
check info panel:obl
black rout:nsubj
rout flight:compound
updat rout:dep
add delet:nsubj
redraw delet:nsubj
add redraw:conj
redraw line:obj
color differ:amod
redraw color:obl
reach waypoint:nsubj
color reach:dep
drone focus:ccomp
focus info panel:obl
rout flight:compound
rout orang:acl
checkbox check:acl
check info panel:obl
black rout:nsubj
updat function:compound
focus updat:nsubj
icon drone:compound
posit icon:nmod
icon map:nmod
focus info panel:obl
rout flight:compound
rout orang:acl
checkbox check:acl
check info panel:obl
black rout:nsubj
add function:nsubj
add icon:obj
add map:obl
map repres:acl
posit drone:dep
repres posit:obj
drone focus:ccomp
focus info panel:obl
rout flight:compound
rout orang:acl
checkbox check:acl
check info panel:obl
black rout:nsubj
assist logic:obl
logic updat:acl
rout flight:compound
updat rout:obj
